Hey, guys.
Oracle, the last lecture we made all this navigation it the cable.
Now this lecture, we're going to be able to navigate with ten pages.
Okay.
Not to do this.
So I'm going to go back to our visa code.
First of all, I'm gonna use Control and B to make this wider.
Okay, now you can see we have this navigation bar item that is the, um, the field, the search,
the cart upload person.
So it does prefer.
Right.
Okay.
So we're going to create all this pages, okay?
Not to do this again.
We're going to go to our screens for the first of all, I'm just going to use control on the to make
this smaller.
Then we're going to go to our screens for the.
Okay.
Now we're going to create a new FY.
This is going to be home on the screen.
Then the Dodds.
Okay.
Now we can use this as we just for now at least.
We can also change it later.
Okay.
If we want.
So this is going to be.
See how.
Okay.
So at least we did.
We can call this on screen.
Okay, then over here, like for us, there is control and dots and that's important and lets you add
to that package of returning records in a.
It's on the scaffold.
So we have access to book of properties.
Okay, now I'm going to give you a body for now.
Then you're going to have a center, which it's the centered in this table up in the head.
Then you're going to have each side there.
We can have a test that says of screen.
Okay.
Great.
Now what's cabinet doing this again is you're going to tap on this again.
They're going to create a new fly.
Right.
So this should be words.
Just going to check it out here.
The fields.
Okay.
It's on the screen.
Though.
That's okay.
So we're going to do it again.
So it's going to be filled, full screen.
Right.
Really, you don't need to follow the plot to follow.
You can also just name your something.
This.
Okay.
So now to have access to local poverty I'm going to have is covered.
So we're going to have a body.
There's going to be what is sent to Saint-Denis.
We just had a case.
So this is going to be charged.
Then we're going to see test.
So there's going to be fears.
Feels screen rights.
Okay.
Now, I believe you are master of this process, right?
So now what I can just do is to copy this over to a ten year contract, a quarter, and see to coffee,
or try to beat the biggest smile that we can.
Just go and create a new fire.
I think that's why we need is a search for this screen the dots.
Okay.
Then we can take this.
This is off screen.
It's going to be.
There's going to be search.
Screen.
So instead of this is going to be.
Okay.
I think the other by.
We need the cards to upload and profile.
So cards uploaded so far, so over the screens.
Okay.
If I want to create cards or this screen.
The that.
Okay.
Now I'm just going to face this is going to be what's cut.
Screen there's going to be.
Cuts.
Right.
Okay.
We need.
What's the.
Upload and profile now.
Okay.
So.
Whether you are going to create a new screen again.
So it is going to be.
Upload this screen.
But that's okay.
Is this okay?
We need this to upload and all a.
Offload.
Okay.
The last on the list is the profile.
So.
We're going to create the screens in the screens.
We're going to create the firefly on the screen, the dots.
Okay, we can see this.
Okay.
This is going to be the Spotify screen, right.
So this is going to be.
For ice cream.
Okay, great.
So there's the six pages we need, right?
Okay.
Now, what we're going to do is we're going to create a variable to hold all those images.
So all those pages we just created.
Okay, now to do this, I just got to go to the cost to that.
Why?
Okay.
What you can do is you can just do this above.
So what you can do for us, we can give you comments or we can say pages.
Okay.
So now we can create a travel card pages.
We can just give you the type of list.
So that is a list of pages, right?
Okay.
So this is going to be quite a list.
Now we're going to pass the first page.
That is the home screen, right.
Okay.
Then the second one.
We need to do what we need to fields.
His Korean.
So.
His screen rights AK.
Okay.
Alight control does the imported.
The other we need is the search card.
Okay.
Search screen.
Cut screen.
Right.
The 1 to 2 for which we need to.
Offload screen.
And lastly, we need to provide.
Screen.
Okay.
Great idea, civic.
A lot of great.
Now to just.
Gets across this page.
What's I just going to do is we're going to go to.
The boat's navigation.
The.
Okay.
They're looking at a body, so we tend to scaffold the body.
The word is going to be dark pages we just created.
Then you're going to send the page in this.
Okay.
Paging this.
Great.
So is basically.
It is is that.
Okay.
So I wanted to be in a coma.
Okay, so easy as that.
First of all, we created a river called Sage.
And as I said, it's a zero.
We should be just at the point that is the whole page.
Then over here we are saying once.
The fourth largest was for this location by Taylor Creek.
What sort of dates it once did?
The Indians.
That is from 0 to 1, from 1 to 2.
And over here, this is terrible.
So we have more leg of dates in this variable to something else.
So this is going to once again is going to be one.
What is this?
It is to convert data to click again, Siri for and so on and over you I guess I said the.
Prejudiced.
Okay, we don't understand.
This is fine.
I believe you can understand it.
As the time goes, I probably will give you some more explanation to this.
Again, as we go woefully, you get it?
Okay.
Well, not your as I said when I was in studies, you know, it's automatically saved those on saved
files.
Okay.
So you can see it's very easy.
Serious.
I just want you to understand everything.
Okay, great.
Now click on this.
So you can see it's working.
Okay.
Good.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next.